docs: consolidate code hosting setup instructions (#19202)
WeblateOrg/weblate: docs/admin/continuous.rst

You should set up some way of updating backend repositories from their
source.

> * Use :ref:`hooks` to integrate with most of common code hosting services, see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use :ref:`hooks` to integrate with the majority of common code hosting services, see
```
